Being around friends 
Sitting here now next to my girlfriend in silence. She's wearing my Batman shirt because it's comfortable to her. There are no words yet there is a pure connection.
When I could imagine the future with the person and felt safe
Embracing after a long period of not seeing each other felt like the peak of a song in a music video
family
The time I fell in love
Being out in the desert with husband last fall

Sitting at a table playing World of Warcraft together
When my cat slow blinks at me.
cuddles!
Crying myself to sleep

N/A
I think my boyfriend encouraging me to leave clothes at his house so I could be comfortable and ready for work when I stayed there felt like love to me because it felt like he wanted his home to be my home when I was there.
Sitting together content just being with each other. Not needing anything else. 
I get butterflies in my stomach every time I get to see him. (still have that now after 3 years of relationship)
Dancing the night away with my family at my cousin Paul's wedding 
when he reached over and wiped the tears from my eyes
smell of that person
Every night. Before sleep. Cuddled in bed with our cat. Saying I love you and good night.
When the other person drops everything to come to you across boroughs to make sure you're okay in a bad situation. 


My shitty apartment got pantry moths and I was so grossed out that I was in tears about it. I didn't know what to do, so my boyfriend consoled me then went to Home Depot to get a shop vac and moth traps and bleach on a Friday night and cleaned my cubbards out for me while I listened to Missisippi John Hurt and read Jack Kerouac in the next room. 
Him holding me by my waist while walking. 
being cold in the winter, going to bed with her and falling asleep while looking at each other's eyes


When I was very afraid that I would lose him
Buying a girl hash browns at McDonald's while she's still asleep in her bed and then leaving it on a pillow so she will see it when she wakes up
In Thailand holding my boyfriends hand, just looking at each other and savoring the moment of being together in a foreign country. We had rented a moped and drove out to an isolated beach and drank beers in a weird hostel/camping area all afternoon.

thinking about the person when you are not with them
Being in a warm embrace outside in the cold, whispering to my girl friend while staring into her eyes....!
Dancing to no music in my living room
Sharing the bathroom during our morning routines--we even share a toothbrush
Seeing a photograph of Linda McCartney's in a gallery... it was of her husband Paul's feet, each nail painted a different color. It just showed to me how playful their relationship was, what a good dad he was, how much they really loved each other... all in one little innocuous domestic scene.
A wonderful moment was in my current relationship when my boyfriend and I were heading back to the city from New Haven on Metro North and I fell asleep on him without any hesitation. 
Again... doing the dirty 
-
-


I'd dated a guy long distance and after a few months we broke up. He came back to the states and I thought we were going to stay apart, but we quickly realized that we were still in love and got back together.  I just couldn't not be with him if he was around. 
Comforting my partner while they cried, then getting some food for them.
Singing to my niece in bed as she fell asleep, my nephew grabbing my hand and saying "I love you so much!"
I had to have a minor surgery to biopsy a suspicious lump and was put on a 5lb weight restriction for almost a week.  My husband wouldn't let me touch a thing and took care of all the chores and carried all the groceries, etc.  He really took care of me without me having to ask him to do any of it.  He also made me some of my favorite foods to eat while laying on the couch being a bum marathoning the sopranos all day.
When I wake up early in the morning, before my boyfriend and I see him sleeping with his perfect face, and if I turn the lamp on he squints but doesn't wake up. It makes my heart burst!


going to a concert with friends, looking at my friend when he was with his girlfriend and realizing i loved him </3
