He was cute, popular. Probably didn't know who I was.
Maude era Bea Arthur
It was Hans Solo
It was a girl that lived near me and rode the same school bus I did.  We went to the same school in first grade, and both switched to the same school for second grade, so the combination of familiar face, and serendipity, made for a very strong infatuation. a year or two later she moved away, the last time I saw her was in middle school, in line for the Raptor at cedar point. 
He was in a class with me. I barely knew him but he was a total cutie. 
Her name was Yumi and she had just moved from Japan. I followed her around because I thought that everything she said and did was magical.
Ridiculous 
He was manipulative, closeted as well but I was never sure, something only came of it years after I'd stopped crying myself to sleep over him, it was a dud of a relationship
Was attracted by her side face at first when she was answering teacher's question in a math class. So we became best friends for almost 6 years but I never had the courage to tell her. Then I moved to another city for college, more into art and found who I really am, what I really wanted to do, and a group of people who I really felt comfortable with, sharing similar interests. That was the moment that I found my first crush was so stupid because we were actually totally different people with almost nothing in common. But I don't know how to end the whole thing cuz I still have no courage to tell her the truth. So I just disappeared from her world. I never expect forgiveness. Just please remove me from your world and memory. And be happy.
AHHHHHHHH 
His name was Luke and he was in my first grade class. He was brunette and I just remember thinking about him a lot & hoping he'd sit next to me in class.
Cute girl, probably didn't even know my name. I was too shy to talk to her. Now I don't remember her name haha. 
He was in a class before me and I always find the way to watch him play Tennis everyday after school. I remember giving him a heart-shaped candy by putting it in his shoes because I was too shy to confront or talk to him. 
He was German and his name was Andreas.
chubby with a bowl cut
he's alright
Gene Wilder in Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory (I know, weird.)
He was one of the older brothers of 5 boys of my italian neighbors
I ignored her until she gave me a kiss and then I went nuts!
Girl who lived in an attic and was totally weird but she seemed so mature with all her freckles
His name was Tanner and he had blonde hair and blue eyes and reminded me of the cute boy in the 90s feminist football movie, Little Giants. 
She was a tall girl. She gave me a cookie. <3
she was cute and nice, we chatted a lot online

He was family friends with a friend of mine. We were too shy to speak to each other but we used to play hide and seek together with all of our friends. He hid in a laundry shoot once. He also lit his hair on fire. He was the brightest. Cute though. 
He was hilarious and later became my bff
She walked by me in the hall at middle school. She was so cute! My heart beat fast. 
A boy in the grade below me. I would talk to him on the phone outside my parents house for hours about really dumb stuff. Pretty sure we had nothing in common.
-
I don't know her name but she was badass.
I have a really faint memory of liking a girl in preschool.  Not much more than that.
It used to be this boy in my class and I would chase him to try and kiss him. He didn't appreciate it. Ah, to be young again. 
My best friend, Davis.
His name was Ben. We were 5 years old. His mom babysat me and my brother. We kissed on the playground one day.
He was a straight boy in my AP Gov. class and the only straight boy who was nice to me/actually wanted to hang out with me in high school. 
Fellow student 
His name was James, we would play "doctor" together. I was the patient, he was the doctor.
His name was James, we would play "doctor" together. I was the patient, he was the doctor.
I was in my first grade at high school.

He was blonde and very all-american
She was funny, she liked to draw, and also liked Star Wars.  
Brian Taylor, made tough faces in photos and in real-life. 
His name was Michael and had a bull cut (which you know was really cool in the 90s) and we "dated" until 3rd grade 
He was a dickhead popular kid with a buzzcut. He played soccer. My second crush was actually nice, but looking back, used way too much hair gel because he was a preppy kid in the late 90s/early 2000s. The crush I pretended to have ... I don't remember much about him, but he grew up to be a nice enough pop-punk kid. We wrote him "love letters" in first grade -- cards made by folding sheets of computer paper twice -- from "your secret admirer." My mom found a "rough draft" (I was a nerd) of this love letter in my room and thought it was so funny and cute that she didn't let me forget it for the next 8 or so years. I was an easily embarrassed kid so I never told her about another crush again, and it took me until my mid-20s until I felt that I could be open about love in general on a wider scale. Should I be embarrassed about that? 
She was friendly and we got along wel
Awful, as everybody crushed into the same girl in our class :)
It was a boy from my kidergarten lol
Sam Withers. He's not on the internet, I've looked. Many times. He's tall and blonde and had dreads in 4th grade. I liked him because he seemed hot and smart but it was probably because he was kinda old for our grade and so more developed physically and mentally.
