Pizza
Lizzy Derise. Awkward. Funny. Embarrassing in hindsight. Exploratory. 
Ugh. Stupid teenager falls for immature teenager and ended with years of heartbreak.
Young, restless, naive
first boyfriend. Was more confort than love.
My only love. she funny she cute
High school Sweetheart
It probably wasn't real but I thought I loved my first serious girlfriend right after school. We first kissed on New Year's Eve, I spent the next few months driving home to see her / sneaking her into my dorm.  She was kindof mean and now she has a baby. 
I was 17, he was the best friend of the girlfriend of my best friend. I kissed him at my friend's house and it was my first time kissing a boy and we started dating immediately. It was the first time either of us dated boys actually so there was a lot of mutual exploration and experimentation. It ended abruptly a few months later when his Catholic parents found out and he wasn't ready to confront that part of himself with them yet.
He was a troubled kid that went to my high school. We dated for a year but never really connected because we were so messed up in different ways.
Confusing
Colombian dark skinned twink, dressed kinda thuggish - hair slicked back, wife beater. Manipulative I guess because insecure... he works at buzzfeed now, like gag me with a spoon
I'm still in my first love.
N/A
Oh man. My first love was also a person I met when I had established I was moving to LA. Is this a pattern? Techincally yes.  But we met in Michigan and were inseparable and then drove across the country together a few months later. I wanted to pursue being a comedian and he wanted to just explore or get out of Detroit or something?  But then we kind of settled down and just we're in love for a few years and then I think both got frustrated we weren't doing what we really wanted doing. We were playing house in the Bay Area which is fun but also maddening. So it fell apart and was super painful and messy,  but looking back I'm so glad it fell apart when it did. 
She's smart and beautiful and pushed me to get past my hangups and live a fuller life. She accepted my flaws and made me a better person. 
Childish and unhealthy relationship. But it was a good lesson.
Funny, smart, weird, artistically talented, sweet, spontaneous, unique, super cute, a great friend and son
never
and they call it puppy loveeeeeeee
He was an artist. We made the same art and we were passionate about it which made us passionate for each other. I loved him romantically, he didn't feel the same. When he broke up with me I thought I would never be able to appreciate beauty again. Like a sunset would never make me feel anything again. (I was wrong.)
Nice jewish boy from westchester. Short. Played hockey. Good family.
I was crazy for it, and when we broke up I felt like I was going to die (13 years old)
Already answered above
I caught him staring at me while we were taking a cooking test in 8th grade home economics. We both played classic rock music and liked to draw and paint and eat. He was painfully shy, but when he spoke, it was thoughtful and poignant and funny. He helped clean me up when our blender exploded malted milkshake all over the place during cooking class. He liked to hold my hand and always told me I was beautiful. 
It was beautiful. Kisses. 
she was very smart and weird and it was good for some point but then not

fucked up
He was hilarious, and strong, very loving and loyal
Fleeting. We rode our bikes together in Chicago in the middle of the night.  
I was young and it was blissful. We would listen to music and drive all over the country together.
=
she was tough and intelligent 
My "first love" was in high school when I probably didn't know better.
A terrible life choice, that showed me how much I'm capable of
Complicated
I met Freddy while studying abroad in England, nine years ago. We didn't have much time together but made the most out of it. We were opposites in some ways: he could barely spell and I was an English major. Yet he still took the time to write me letters and send care packages. We still write to each other sometimes...
He was my first boyfriend at 18. I was absolutely obsessed and wanted to do anything he wanted to do. I lost myself and it ended terribly. ~first love type stuff~ 
College boyfriend 
Stupid
Stupid


My first serious boyfriend. He was super romantic and had an amazing singing voice. He used to hide notes with adorable phrases. 
Very generous, accepting, and fun to talk to.
My first time of falling in love was with a boy that I met in the hospital. I was in treatment, at 15, for drugs and alcohol. I remember the boys and girls were separated on the hospital ward but when Jason walked by we'd always make eye contact. One night, as I was lying in bed and praying, I heard a voice that seemed to come from the wall. The voice said, "Shanley. Shanley, are you awake?" I thought it was divine intervention from god. I thought I was some sort of modern Mary. It ended up being Jason speaking to me through the electric socket in the wall from the room next door. We were together from 15-20 years old. 
His name was Mark and we met because my friends forced me to go to prom and I needed a date so I went with my best friend's date's friend.  Looking back he was a total douche but we spent all summer hanging out and partying together and sleeping in my car in parking lots when it was too late for us to go home from being out.  We reconnected a few times during college but I got married and he got married (weirdly we both got engaged a couple days apart from each other the same year).  He's a doctor now.
He was a senior when I was a sophomore. We only hung out a handful of times in person; a lot of what we shared happened over AIM. He was the first dude I could get on the same level as with music, which was the most important thing to me. We would talk about bands, and beat poets, and walks, and sometimes go on walks. He lent me a book once. He picked me up in his car once. We never kissed, or discussed anything, besides his friend apologizing for him once. After he went to college, he would come back sometimes and I would see him at shows, and I would shake uncontrollably because of the intensity his presence brought. This went on until I was in college, with real relationships passed. It was a love based on idealization on my part, for sure, but without it, I wouldn't have learned who I am.


A friend from high school

