I dunno. Closeness I guess.
Comfort in all forms. In yourself. Freedom in yourself. 
safe, but sometimes not the safeness makes you worry that it's too good to be true
Feels like a song the perfect song that always sets/calibrates your mood
wanting to be together all the time, seeing the world as a beautiful thing, trusting and caring.
Warm soup
Warm feeling that you have what everyone else wants. 
Awful! Scary! Good. Literally every feeling. 
Intense, terrifying, contradictory, homey, safe, warm, vulnerable, deep, loss/expansion of self, invincible, fragile, overcome with emotions 
Like losing control.
😏
"Love" has many meanings - romantic love feels like a 24/7 mental/emotional commitment, nothing else matters etc
Open the door of the inside room. 
N/A
Love feels CRAZY. It really makes me feel like there is something wrong in my head. 
Happiness. When I feel love it's a wave of happiness rushing over me. 
At ease, at home but at the same time I feel motivated to make a better person in me.
wonderful, comforting, supportive, caring, accepting, honest, sometimes intense 
impossible
huge rush then huge calm sensation
It feels like my partner is just another part of me. Like we share a single existence.
Happiness and trust

Marooning yourself and your interpersonal complexity to another person
Laughing so hard your chest aches. Smiling involuntarily just looking at your loved one. A feeling that you can say anything to that person and be understood, but they can still call you on your shit and you still respect their point of view and take it into account. 
When the loved one cuddles me. And/or shares their food with me :D
love feels warm and intense and makes your vision blurry and makes you smile

scary 
My heart feels safe, I'm happy even when I'm not. My husband is my world
Love is a feeling of sublimity - being consumed by and feeling a part of something much larger than myself 
it's a really physiological thing, smiling and your chest tightens and you just share those moments
=
elated state
True romantic love probably feels like butterflies and chocolate
uncontainable love that escapes from my every pore
Heaviness in the stomach and lightness in the chest.
love feels safe and warm and happy
It feels like I don't have to try to be someone I'm not when I'm with the person I'm in love with. I want to protect that person from sadness and self doubt. 
Comfort and trust 
The happness you feel when they enter the room, everyone fades away and its just the two of you. 
The happness you feel when they enter the room, everyone fades away and its just the two of you. 
Stomach flipping inside out.

a squick contraction of muscles in the top of my stomach. feeling of warmth and tingles. pain in your heart when you feel overwhelmed and vulnerable 
Warmth, floating, not alone
It feels by nature strong, it has an endurance to it, a gravity. A tender gravity.
happiness, being completely comfortable with the person you are in love with, not being able to imagine being without that person
Like life is worth living.

defenselessness
it feels like identifying and envolving yourself with someone that not necessarily is like you
It feels warm and soft and smells really, really, really good. 
