Pizza
a fear of loss. 
respect and understanding
Unprovoked smiling, when the person is around 
I still dont know. 
More than a feeling 
Getting up and getting the other person a glass of water when they ask

I'm For romantic love, a feeling of deep connectedness with regards to feeling and being with another person
Love is never holding back.
The Underwoods
answered above
Love is where I can be the real me and I'm not afraid if the end of the world is tmr
N/A
Love is when you could spend an endless amount of time with someone and getting excited to show them your world. When I'm in love I could listen to the other person speak forever, I want to know their story. I also want to take care of them and make them dinner and explore new things. Love is also supporting someone when they're stressed and sad and facing major challenges. 
When you're with someone you want to be with forever. You can accept their flaws and still love them. It's not just a passing thing. It holds up over time nd your bond grows even stronger. 
An answer without a question
Deep care for others and being able to show that 
trusting a man
bullshit until proved otherwise
When everything else is wrong but never once do you even think for a moment that the relationship is wrong. 
Love is an unconditional feeling you can't not feel or stop
is a 4 letter word
Terrifying. Too susceptible to the pressures and binary prescriptions of societal pressure
Being content with sitting in silence next to your person because simply being around them makes you happy.  Also being cooked for.
Feeling safe with someone. 
love is wanting the best to happen to another person

I have no fucking clue
Loyalty, self sacrifice, putting your family above yourself
Ocean waves, big and small
The ability to be vulnerable with someone. To be able to tell them how you really feel and not be judged.
=
accepting flaws
When you care about someone more than yourself
Happiness, kindness, respect, understanding.... and some deviance 
Love is being yourself around someone, opening up, sharing
love is putting your relationship with your partner before yourself. love is trust plus affection plus attraction.
Putting the other person's feelings before yours. Feeling comfortable and secure. Wanting to learn from that person. 
LOL not sure 
Knowing someone will always be there
Knowing someone will always be there
Trusting someone enough to open up and become vulnerable.
Patience and respect 
warm gushy feelings. safety, understanding, focus
Compassion, empathy, teamwork, 
Overwhelming tenderness.
A friendship that has reached the highest level.  It's when you care so much about someone that even if they do something really stupid or really piss you off you care about working through any problem you might have with them.  You also don't get sick of being around them.
A cosmic connection between the stars and earth.
Unadulterated support
hard to tell :)
is a strong bond you have with someone that can't be seen but it's there silently present in every moment and pushing a relationship foward
Love is finding home in another person.
