I'm Hella aro ace so...never?
ice skating with my girlfriend. "I Believe In A Thing Called Love" came on. We skated around in circles, filming one another fall and laughing about it. After a particularly clumsy go-round, she skated up to me and I told her for the first time that I loved her.

Roadtripping with an ex-gf
Dating my ex boyfriend i guess....the 1st year
All the time
At a wine bar looking over the railing at my husband. 

Staying up late having an intense five hour conversation outside about morality, trajectory, identity, etc.
I feel romantic love when I think of my partner and am full of awe and admiration even when they aren't there with me.
Making out on the train platform letting trains go by
First several months with my current bf was intense, we're more platonic now but can still charm each other on occasion

N/A
Right now! When I met my boyfriend I had already decided on moving from San Francisco to Los Angeles. We had known each other for 6 months, but had never hung out alone. We went to a party together and both realized we had a thing for the other. I really really did not want a serious relationship, I really just wanted to be a bad bitch and be single and run off to LA, but for one I had 7 months of saving money to do and also our relationship was completely unavoidable. It really felt like we were pulled together and I would have regretted not pursuing him forever. Likewise, he still wanted to date me even though I was moving. Now I'm in LA & we're long distance. I'm still so happy he's in my life and everyday I look forward to when I get to visit him. Guess I'll have to be a bad bitch with a man?? But in all seriousness no man I meet seems as great as the one that's 6 hours north of me, so here's to that.
Going on trips with my S/O. Thinking about how there is nobody I'd rather be doing this with. Conversely, realizing how much you'd rather be with them when they aren't around. 
That moment when we drove out to get junk food at midnight, eat it on the floor while watching our favorite show. 
When I was in my early to mid 20's I was very in love
never
ice skate rink, two people not knowing how to skate
Seeing my partner during the period we were long distance (1.5 years). When you're physically far apart, every visit is so intense and passionate because you know you'll say goodbye again soon.
Currently with my man person
At the beach
In the typical enchanting moments -- alone in a car driving somewhere far off, or perhaps on a beach vacation somewhere exotic
Sitting with my back on a sand dune and my feet in Lake Michigan holding hands on a summer afternoon. 
Senior year in college. 
i got to know this person deeply and started missing her when she was not around and the more i knew her the more i liked her


My husband made me a card to make me feel better. It was very touching. And he got me a candy bar lol
Holding someone in a bar, dancing with them like an idiot 
On my boyfriends balcony overlooking the city. We would cuddle and drink wine and talk about everything and watch the lights go out in people's apartments
=
butterflies in the stomach
I don't think I've ever been "in" love
every morning when I wake up and see my partner next to me 
Last night I told my boyfriend I loved him for the first time. We were in our underwear and holding each other, my hands were gripped tight around his, and I looked him in his eyes and told him. He said it back and then we had sex. I topped him for the first time--something came over me. I'm usually a bottom.
I've had a lot of short-lived flings. I've been dumped a lot. It's always ends the same: "You're really sweet, but..." Then this one time I was with a boy I'd been dating for about three weeks, and when he said "You're really sweet," I thought the end was coming. I waited with bated breath for the inevitable "...but I'm not looking for a relationship right now." Only he didn't say it! He just wanted to tell me I was sweet. We stayed together for a long time.
When my current boyfriend finally topped me. 
Doing the dirty :* 
In the middle of a thunderstorm I started making out with my crush. We had sex for the first time that night, outside in the thunderstorm (it was weird but romantic) 
In the middle of a thunderstorm I started making out with my crush. We had sex for the first time that night, outside in the thunderstorm (it was weird but romantic) 


slow dancing with your head on his shoulder
My partner hugging and consoling me during an emotional moment.
Feeling a voice inside that needed to tell the person I was with that I loved them.
Marathoning classic horror films on a mattress in our living room while drinking beer and eating bad chinese takeout till 5am.
Winter, me, him, German military jacket that smells like cigarettes, crouched outside in a vacant corridor (back in the days when we had to pursue the opposite sex outside of the family home), making conversation to pass the time until one of us gets up the nerve, cold nose foggy notion, smokey breath, first kiss

don't know how it's different from "regular" love
In my undergrad, falling in love with a friend
Being with my partner in remote environments when we can feel our truest selves together, uninterrupted. When my chest feels full and my head floats.
